district 12 is very first volunteer
listen to me you're stronger than they
are you are what do I need to do your
job is to be a distraction so people
forget what the real problems are
Katniss Everdeen they think she is it is
the only thing stronger than fear the
game ladies
because of her they all pose a threat
because of her they all think they're
invincible she has become a beacon of
hope for them miles
people are looking at you Katniss you've
given them an opportunity they just have
to be brave enough to take him
the Mockingjay myths days our great
nation has known only peace
ours is an elegant system received to
nourish and protect
your districts of the body capital is
the beating heart
more hard work to discuss
and in return they feed and protect you
if you resist the system